What's this?
==
desk_attendant.sh is a launcher for a python script that listens for status changes from the Arduino and applies those changes to tracked desktop apps as needed. If passed an optional '-v' argument, the python script called will use Sikuli to interact with the desktop apps via their GUIs. If omitted, the interaction is done via shell commands.

desk_attendant.py applies status changes via shell commands. It monitors the serial port of the attached Arduino for status information.  When it sees that there has been an actionable status change (from "human present" to "human absent" or from "human absent" to "human present"), it invokes shell commands to set the tracked desktop applications (if running) to the appropriate run mode.

deskattendant.sikuli/deskattendant.py applies status changes via Sikuli, using openCV to detect click targets and using Sikuli libraries to click them.

For example, if the daemon sees status going from "human present" to "human absent" it will pause activities such as time tracking and music playing.

Invocation
==
`desk_attendant.sh -p PORT`

e.g.

`desk_attendant.sh -p /dev/ttyUSB0`

Required Packages
==
The daemon doesn't need non-baseline packages. You should already have what you need.

Other OSes
==
On OSX, you may be able to use the scripting as provided, after installing the necessary packages. (Please let me know.) On Windows, you're unfortunately on your own, but I'll incorporate your code and documentation if you make it work in Windows.

